feat(FEC-10667): control-bar auto-hide timeout configuration (#579)
kaltura/playkit-js-ui: docs/configuration.md

  targetId: string,
  debugActions?: boolean, // optional
  forceTouchUI?: boolean, // optional

>   controlBarHoverTimeout?: number, // optional

Reviewer: the config is for entire UI so let's find a more suitable name then `controlBarHoverTimeout`
Maybe `userHoverTimeout` or `userActionTimeout`

Author: `hoverTimeout` ?

Reviewer: that was the original one that was never used internally, and I have no objection for it.

##

> ### config.hoverTimeout
>
> ##### Type: `number`
>
> ##### Default: `3000`
>

> > ##### Description: Defines the timeout for control bar hover, 0 - don't hide.
> >
> > Useful for applications that wants to set different value for bar hover display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ##### Description: Defines the timeout for control bar hover, 0 - always show.
>
> Useful for applications that wants to set different hover timeout duration for player controls.
```
